Term Entry: Python String Method .lstrip() (#3479)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/strings/terms/lstrip/lstrip.md

---
Title: 'lstrip'

> Description: 'Removes leading characters from a string'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Removes leading characters from a string.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:

>   - 'https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-python-3'
>   - 'https://www.codecademy.com/learn/paths/computer-science'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
```

---

> The **`.lstrip()`** method removes the leading characters from a string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.lstrip()`** method removes the leading characters from a string.
```

> ## Syntax

Reviewer: add an empty line after the header (repeat for the other sections)

```pseudo
string.lstrip(chars)

> ```

Reviewer: add an empty line after the code block

> The `.lstrip()` method defaultly removes the whitespace at the beginning of a string. The optional `chars` parameter is a string that allows you to specify leading characters to be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `lstrip()` method removes the whitespace at the beginning of a string. The optional `chars` parameter is a string for designating specific leading characters to be removed.
```

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples

```

> Unless `chars` is specified, `.lstrip()` removes the leading whitespace:

Reviewer: it may be more concise to put all three examples in one code block. And generally we prefer to use a ```shell block for the output instead of using comments.

Author: If I put all the examples in one code block how should I designate which output in the ```shell block is from which print statement?

Reviewer: They should be matched by the order

```python
hi = '     Hi there'
print(hi.lstrip()) 
#Output: Hi there
```

If `chars` is specified `.lstrip()` will remove any leading characters in chars from the string:
```python
filePath = 'cd ./user/home'
print(filePath.lstrip('cd ./'))
#Output: user/home
```

`chars` can be in any order:
```python
example = 'Hi, Welcome to Docs'
example = example.lstrip('hiHI, ')
print(example)
#Output: Welcome to Docs
```

> >**Note:** Remember since `.lstrip()` is a method, it returns a new string and does not modify the original string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** Remember since `lstrip()` is a method, it returns a new string and does not modify the original string.
```
